docs(http): add example for interceptor order (#39938)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/http.md

### Interceptor order

> Angular applies interceptors in the order that you provide them. For example, if you want first to handle authentication of your HTTP requests and then log them, before sending them to a server, you would provide first an `AuthInterceptor` service and then a `LoggingInterceptor` service. Outgoing requests would flow from the `AuthInterceptor` to the `LoggingInterceptor`. Response from these requests would flow the other way round, from `LoggingInterceptor` back to `AuthInterceptor`. You can see below a visual representation of the process:

Reviewer: Please start new sentences on a new line (it makes it easier to review changes in the future):

```suggestion
Angular applies interceptors in the order that you provide them.
For example, if you want first to handle authentication of your HTTP requests and then log them, before sending them to a server, you would provide first an `AuthInterceptor` service and then a `LoggingInterceptor` service.
Outgoing requests would flow from the `AuthInterceptor` to the `LoggingInterceptor`.
Response from these requests would flow the other way around, from `LoggingInterceptor` back to `AuthInterceptor`.
You can see below a visual representation of the process:
```

<div class="lightbox">

>   <img src="generated/images/guide/http/interceptor-order.png" alt="Interceptor order" height="200">

Reviewer: Why not make the image 200px height instead?

Author: I am using an external tool for designing diagrams called Excalidraw which does not have a process for resizing images when exporting.

</div>

<div class="alert is-helpful">

>    The last interceptor in the process is always the `HttpBackend` interface that handles communication directly the server.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
   The last interceptor in the process is always the `HttpBackend` that handles communication with the server.
```

(Using the word "interface" to refer to a concrete runtime implementation is a little confusing :grin:)

### Interceptor order

Angular applies interceptors in the order that you provide them.

> For example, if you want to handle authentication of your HTTP requests and then log them, before sending them to a server you would first provide an `AuthInterceptor` service and then a `LoggingInterceptor` service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, consider a situation in which you want to handle the authentication of your HTTP requests and log them before sending them to a server. To accomplish this task, you could provide an `AuthInterceptor` service and then a `LoggingInterceptor` service.
```

Minor rewrite to help with content clarity.

Outgoing requests would flow from the `AuthInterceptor` to the `LoggingInterceptor`.

> Response from these requests would flow the other way around, from `LoggingInterceptor` back to `AuthInterceptor`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Responses from these requests would flow in the other direction, from `LoggingInterceptor` back to `AuthInterceptor`.
```
